It's easy to see that Margie B values give you much more power because you have way more options than
just choosing the car names.
However what's also real you need about our G.B. but allows you to use our GPA which would stand for
opacity and transparency.
The values would be from zero to one.
Now as always I think it's going to be easier for me to show you how that would work.
First of all let's head over to indexation the amount and we're going to add one more idea here.
Let's call this for let's say there's gonna be having three ways a idea for and the value is also gonna
be here for once we have added our heading with an idea for we can head over back to style C assess.
And here I'm gonna do a little bit of sprinkling of first again.
We're going to start very basic I'm going to say for the first one I would like to select it.
However right now you know what maybe let's just save it and let's see that everything right now is
pretty much white and the color is obviously black.
And here let's write some color values some research first by color and I would like to practice a little
bit of our GPA and we're gonna say that I don't know if this is gonna be like a hundred and then again
let's say a hundred and twenty three and I don't know fifty six whatever value you would like.
Now the difference here is for the background I would like to go with a black background or I would
like to use the opacity and transparency values here I'm gonna write background and then again I'm gonna
be looking for our G.B. but instead of just simple are G.B. WE'RE GONNA BE LOOKING FOR OUR GPA now how
we would write this again we would look for the black color obviously since this is our option and then
we're gonna be looking for what kind of capacity or transparency this is gonna be.
So let's say here if I'm gonna write zero point five this is not gonna be totally black color.
Notice that this would be a great color because we would be adding the capacity of zero point five.
Now we all going to be practicing all only with our GPA for the background of black but obviously understand
that you can use any color here.
What's important here is this opacity color.
Now again it's probably gonna be easier if we're going to look at multiple values so let's copy and
paste this let's say for a second one we're gonna be using a different one.
So first of all let me select again the first and let's change this to a second term.
So for the second maybe I would like to maybe have a different color.
Color is gonna be I don't know forty five.
And uh I don't know 200 and let's say the third one is gonna be at 34.
And again just to show you that you can obviously have different colored rallies now mostly focusing
on the green ones so maybe it's this one like ten because otherwise either all of them are going to
be green.
So this is gonna be totally black all here.
So why don't we practice on having the opacity of zero point let's say twenty five.
And I'm giving right now kind of round values but understand that you have an option of zero to one.
So one is gonna be the maximum.
And the zero would be the smallest one.
So as I'm working here.
Notice zero point five would have a less transparency than zero point twenty five.
So if I'm gonna go totally with zero this is gonna give me totally white color.
Don't believe me.
Now let's just throw in we're gonna copy paste that here in this case.
We're gonna change the round.
I'm going to say the value is going to be three.
So our slate for the idea of two.
Now let's go totally red color.
So here we have 255 0 0 0.
That's gonna be my option.
And let's notice if I'm gonna go with totally black color.
However also more capacity is gonna be zero.
What's gonna happen.
Well the background is there but we cannot see and this is our world capacity value with work.
So even though we have a black color we made it totally transparent by adding gear for the capacity
value zero.
However if we would like to check totally black color we know we have the entity for then let's have
a different color maybe blue one let's say our Gibby again on GV then we're looking for 0 0.
And then the third value is going to be 255 and here for the background let's add totally black color
with our GPA GPA and that'll be 0 0 and 1.
Now obviously in this case you might as well just write out G.B. because there is no difference.
And again we are using the round values just to show you that how this will work because I'm not going
to cover every number from 0 to 1 0.01 or zero point zero or two because this is gonna waste a lot of
my time.
But we noticed that the our fourth I.D. is having a totally black color with a color obviously of blue
because we already know how the G.B. would work.
Now if we would want to experiment a little more let's say a body let's go for some kind of background
color and in our case again let's use our GBI and then again we can write whatever our hearts desire.
So if I'm going to start by 10 10 and maybe here I don't know.
Two hundred and I would like to add some kind of past three let's say point zero point three let's notice
we're all gonna have.
So now this color would look like this.
However if I'm gonna omit that and if I'm gonna say our GPA notice I'm going to be having totally blue
color.
So what the opacity adds is right now pretty much our transparency.
So again let's go back and let's say that our GPA is gonna be around zero point zero one.
Something like this more zero point two it doesn't really matter at the moment I'm going to say it it's
gonna be almost white because we're almost at transparency level.
Okay.
So if we're gonna go up obviously we're gonna go like zero point.
I don't know.
Fifty six.
What are we gonna do.
Well now we're gonna have less transparent color so more towards the blue one.
And again this won't work with any color value.
So if I'm gonna right here I'm not 355 but let's say two hundred.
Much notice.
Now we're going more towards the green and again green with some kind of transparency value not just
regular green.
And this is really powerful whenever we are working with a CSX because this is gonna allow us to create
like an overlay.
So let's say there is gonna be some kind of picture and we would want to add some kind of color on top
of the picture.
So the picture let's say is not as bright.
So that is where we can use our GPA values by controlling our opacity.